doc: add documentation update for v1.9.2-dev1 (#10394)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/index.rst

Welcome to the |NCS|!
#####################

.. important::

   |NCS| v1.9.2-dev1 is a development tag and will be replaced by a release in the future.

>    The development tag contains the following updates:
> 
>    * Added workaround for the anomaly 160 that is affecting the nRF5340 SoC.

Reviewer: Do we need a bulleted list? 
```suggestion
   The development tag contains the addition of workaround for the anomaly 160 that is affecting the nRF5340 SoC.
```
or 

```suggestion
   The development tag adds a workaround for the anomaly 160 that is affecting the nRF5340 SoC.
```

Author: Yes, I'm still waiting for the input from the Bluetooth team :)

Welcome to the |NCS|!
#####################

.. important::

>    |NCS| v1.9.2-dev1 is a development tag and will be replaced by a release in the future.

Reviewer 2: As agreed in release meeting, 2.3.0 is not a one -one replacement. The sentence to be  updated with "may" instead of "will" @b-gent
